All right.
In the last section we have completed with installing Firebase and also nix off.
We registered on Firebase website, and we got our client I.D. and client secret of Google.
And also we got all the configuration data, including API keys and etc from Firebase website.
We initialize the Firebase using a trick that prevents us from doing more than one application.
In this section, we're going to create the signing page, so if you look at the final version of the
project here.
And if you sign out using this button or here.
We can see that if you click on Sign In, we go to a web page with the you are off sign in and we get
this beautiful signing page, which includes.
An image, a logo and the signing button.
And also, if you decrease the size of the page, you can see that in medium size and lower, that image
is hidden.
All right.
So let's go.
Firstly, we need to define the this.
We need to go to.
A mix of decades that we created this one.
And at the end, we need to add the pages.
So here we add a pages.
And inside it, curly braces, a set of curly braces was just a sign in page is equal to.
Off.
A slash sign that you need to add a horror slash at the beginning to.
So in this tutorial, we want to create the sign in page and just be be careful about that because we
created Nick's 30th Insight API off, but this one is inside the page directly.
We create.
We create an off folder instead of inside the API.
And inside this folder, we create and new file called sign-In that Jesus.
So this is completely different from the other one.
The path is different, pages off and sign in here.
We need to create the REAC component.
So we just need to use our FC to create a react functional component.
And.
We just we don't need to import react, but we need to import a few things.
The first one is where we need to import get providers.
From kids from the next of kids, plural, I dare.
And signing.
These are from next.
Off forward slash react.
We're going to use this import to get all the providers that we defined here.
Index of the JSE have one provider, Google provider.
But if we have more than one Google more than one provider, we get all of them.
Using this built-in function of the Knicks or.
So here we use a.
Server side rendering method to get the information from the Knicks off.
So here we just try to export.
Async.
Anything function and a function we want to create is get server.
Side props.
Make sure to be a camel case, this is actually create inside as the server or any server, we have
lack of diversity.
We are going to deploy.
We're going to get the information when this the user click on this and comes to this.
Website.
So the the good things and the benefits of this is they are web sites will be very fast because we're
using the servers that are using very high speed computers.
So we just say contacts, we get the context here.
And actually, we don't need that context, but we just we import it, and then we just say cost providers,
we could all the providers using a weight.
Because we want to get the provide us and then load the page, so.
We use to get providers that we already created, and we are the importer.
And we're going to return.
The props, the props there, the returning is providers that function that we created.
All right.
So in order to pass this, Prof.
So first, the Salon.com, this is the server the server is running, get the providers and the fastest
providers to the props that we have here to the can't function the component.
Functional components, so we get here.
The providers, so it's very fast because we are using a very good service.
So this is this method is faster than using use of fix.
So because use effects is going to render inside the browser of the person who is visiting our site.
So let's run the server and we check that are getting something on.
So NPR and around there and we go to our website.
And we go to off forward slash sign it.
You just make it fun saying.
Sign in page.
So that is correct, you are getting sign in page.
So, no, no, we instead of making the website completely from scratch, we already created the header
before and localhost three thousand.
We already have the header so we can use the header component.
We just need to import the health component here.
We just say import.
Header.
From.
Because it's two level down, we need to just.
Do.
Two times back and we two components and head.
All right, so here instead of this there, we just make it empty fragments, and here we just create
the header.
What happened here?
Yeah, just this first.
And add the hitter here.
Let's reload the page.
Yeah, now we're getting the header inside the localhost three thousand or signing.
And after this header, we're going to have that image that I I showed you here.
This image?
So we just create a death inside this there.
We had an image tag.
And we're going to search for an image for Instagram and Google.
We go to images and we choose the tools to be the image to be transparent.
And the image I'm looking for is this image from the super viral death count that AEW.
So I copy this image.
Address Cookie Image Link.
And we go to a signing page and paste it here.
So just check.
Yeah, we got this image, and after this image, the all would be Instagram.
Hamish?
OK.
After this image, we have another dear.
And inside this, there we have, we are going to look through the.
And we're going to look through all the providers that we're getting from here.
So we open a curly braces and we just say objects.
And the object has the values and inside the values you getting the poor white earth and we want to
map through these providers and we get each provider one by one, actually because we only have one
provider.
We don't need to map through it.
But just in case later, you want to add more providers.
Were you going to make this like this?
So later you can add Facebook, GitHub and et cetera.
So we just say provider.
And we return.
And they've.
And in scientists there.
We are going to have the image.
That image is just the Instagram image.
Let's search for an image.
Uh, in the in the search, we got this.
This image looks fine or.
And others.
Yeah, I think this image is fine from.
So the digital that's come.
Yeah, it's it's transparent, too, so we just copy the link and paste it here.
Let's check our website.
Yeah, we're getting the logo as well, it's huge.
We're going to.
Uh.
The style it's so just so let's finish them all first.
So after this image, we have a paragraph saying just this is this app.
It's created.
For learning.
Purposes.
The reason I added this one, because maybe an original Instagram counts and see your web site, they're
not going to claim about, you're copying their website to this, you're just at this one for educational
purposes that is necessary sometimes happens, they claim, and.
You need to pay a lot of money.
So or they just shut down your Web site, so bear that in mind to always protect yourself from these
things.
And after this paragraph, we need to add a button.
Inside a button with just a sign in.
Just a sign in.
And then the signing with and the provider name, because we want to add the provider, that's name.
OK.
And also because it's a map, we need to add a key as well.
So.
In scientist, if we need to add a key that is unique and we can use the provider that name, it's unique
tanks because it can be, Google can be.
Any other websites like Facebook, but it's always unique to provide it.
OK, let's style this.
It's stylist.
Let's first make it small.
We can see the changes in the styles, so in the top level.
Uh.
For this image here.
So in this debate that is after the header, we make it flex to bring everything next to each other.
And we use Justify Center.
And.
To make everything center and use is Space X.
Seven to add a space between the and the at the margin top of twenty.
All right, for the image, we add a class name, you didn't see any change, but soon we're going to
see because we need to change some other things as well.
So first, in this small
size like mobile size, I want it to be hidden.
And then I want it to be object cover so it doesn't squish like it is that it does not stretch.
And then I want to rotate it a little bit.
It could take six, which means six degree rotate.
I think if you increase the size, we can see.
Yeah.
Still, because it doesn't have any dimension, you can see it.
So let's add more, thanks to.
In the medium size and above, we want it to be in line.
In Inland Flex.
And after medium size and above, we want to wait for it to be 48.
Now, if we increase the size, probably we should see the image.
Let's wait.
Yeah.
Now you can see the image in this side.
That's because this image is so big, push it this one to the other side, let's install this one first.
So let's style this Instagram logo, so here.
We just add a class name and they're worth less.
First, the decrease the size, we just see we we decrease the width to be thirty two.
Now that's smaller, you can see better.
And let's bring them to the right side, analysts keep continue here and the objects.
Cover as well.
For the.
For the top level, let's uh.
I mean, here in the diff above, let's make it.
Flex.
And we make the flex direction, Colin.
And for bringing that, bring him in to the center, we use items set.
Yeah, that's, uh, looks fine.
Let's stall this paragraph.
And this button as well for the for the paragraph.
The class here would be.
It's very simple, we just need to at the Texas mall.
And then we make it italic.
And finally, we have the margin y of 10.
Let me refresh.
I don't know.
Why crashing?
So we made a tally and we at some margin, why at the top and bottom?
And also, let's make the takes center.
All right, after this, we start with a starting off the bottom.
We want to make it like our final version.
To have a background of rent and also with a housing effect.
So let's add the classes.
For the background, we just need to arrive, e.g. 400.
Read.
And let's make it rounded.
And we just want a light around it to be large, which is eight pixels.
Then let's add some padding.
So you push it between two and three and we make the text to be white.
So it can be easily visible and.
Yes.
Looks fine.
And, uh, finally, for the hovering effect, we want that background instead of to be read 400 demanded
to be read a little bit more of five hundred.
So now we get more.
And that's fine, everything's fine.
We just want when we click on this one, we go to the Google sign in patient.
I can't stop Google, I show you before.
So in the button, we added on click.
And inside the enclave, we're going to have a function that is going to call this signing from next
off, this signing actually automatically opens death off site for us, so we just say sign in.
And with the we just need to add the provider ID, we just say sign signing, provided that I.D. because
we want to tell them to which provider we want to open.
Which is Will in our case.
And after we finish with the Google Witch website, we want to come back is here, we just say to call
back.
You are a.
Would be.
Forward slash.
Now, if you click on signing with Google, we should go to Google.
But the reason we are getting the error because we didn't specify that you are out or we want to use
or sign in here, it's just us that redirect you are.
Is this one?
But we haven't actually defined it inside the Google console.
If you remember for adding the client, either client secretly came to cloud that Google and we went
to console and we went to credentials and we choose it all off to.
And if you come back, I show you when we can't, we choose the installation for and inside the credentials
we use.
We added this one.
And here we need to add the authorized origin and also the redirect you are that we are direct, you
are already Google gives us, so we copy this on.
And we pasted here.
Let's first at this time.
So, Ed, you must first consider a screen.
So let's click on this button.
And, uh, just say.
OK, we just chose this fight and create.
And here.
You know, the app name is in Persian for.
And the email is my email.
We don't need any logo.
And also, this email will be my.
Check.
So we say this for.
And we go back to credentials.
Here we ed now we can add our local hosts so that we need to add the local hosts three to their.
Recovery this fine.
Because we're using 3000 as the origin.
And then four callbacks we we copied this callback that Google already told us to use.
So we save this now.
It should work when we sign it, so we go back to our own website, which is a local three 3000, and
we go to sign in.
We click on signing with Google.
And now they say it's it's works, and it's the Google search, which accounts you want to continue
as I just say this one.
And after this, it's going to redirect us to the other callback URL that we gave them, which is the
home page.
We didn't get any.
And data yet because we want to show the image here, we get the username.
These things, we're going to do the next video.
So we're going to make this fun.
We get decision first, and then based on decision, we're going to show different things on the header
on the mirror for fall and also we're going to add here the image.
So see in the next section for getting the session area of before this, he forgets.
We just have everything to get how quickly we just say command and the message would be.
Uh.
Complete this sign.
And page.
And we push it to.
Get her.
So let's check our kids, huh?
We go back and refresh the page.
Now we're getting a new comment.
And as you can see in the next hour, 30 as we added the page.
And here we imported jet providers signing from a of react how we imported the hitter.
So we added the hitter here.
And we see an image of Instagram to the left side, and we've looked through the providers here.
And here we create a button that when we click on the button, we went inside the Google Sign In page
and also at the end, we created a server side.
Functionality, so we get the providers before the person even see the page.
They already got to provide this week, which makes the website faster.
So in the next section, we are going to create the get the session first and also we're going to dynamically
change this header and the other sections.
So see in the next section.